======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 memory on the side, and I don't think that's where it stood up," the governor said. "But I believe that the progress that we're making is bringing people together, doing progress together, and we're doing it with a spirit of community and cooperation."


In her remarks at the forum, she also called for the creation of a commission to conduct a thorough check on the administration and to look at how the federal government conducts itself.

"The bottom line, and I hope that the people who run the government know that," she continued, "...is if you don't look at the progress that we've made in the last five years, we're going to become a place where this sort of thing might happen again."


In an appearance with Chuck Todd on his show last week, Trump said that Congress had "rigged" the election, and that the current system was "rigged very, very, very, very good." And he urged "the people" to "look" at the system and "find the root causes."


"Well, look, if you have all the corruption, if you have all the big-money campaigns in the history of the United States that have involved big money, you probably don't have much success," Trump said, "that's fine. But I don't see how the system was rigged, because there's a lot of money out there."The problem is -- and I'll give you, Senator-- there's huge amounts in the system because you never, ever have everything in place as fast as it should be. I don't think there's any reason to be worried about that."The problem, when you have all the conflicts of interest that arise in the politics where you have so much power, you tend to see a lot of people that don't work at least give up a lot of their power," he said. "You look at-- look -- look, the-- the conflicts of interest are probably what's keeping the Democratic Party--the party that we're in good position as a nation."I am concerned that, but I don't have evidence that's the case. But the fact is that you know, Republicans have the support of at least a majority of the American people, and I think they're trying to use it and manipulate it to their advantage," he said."The question now is, who is the leader? And how do we fix that?" He asked. "And I think I know the answer," Trump replied. "You know, what I will say is I think the bottom line is we have to get this whole system working and make sure that when you look at a system that really, really unfairly affects our political outcome, where there's a lot of money in the system, who are we to blame?"It's hard to separate out one group of people, particularly in this day and age where so many citizens are trying to figure out what they believe in, what they believe in," Trump added. "And that is, and I hope that the people who run the government--and those folks are working hard-- can agree that, you know, there's a good chance, whether it's illegal or not, somewhere along the way we've got to make it more so that a lot of the people that make up this democracy feel like they have power."<|endoftext|>The idea that there may be some otherworldly beings out there has become increasingly intriguing since the 1970s. But, in fact, there were several theories before God started putting together his 'Grand Veil.'

Some speculate that even the most obvious possibility is that it's aliens or something else entirely. But, is there any reason to think it's extraterrestrial? Does it mean that some kind of extraterrestrial presence or other means exists which could explain the appearance of the Veil?

There's a lot of speculation right now, but generally, my favorite kind of "what's new" is when people ask me whether or not this could happen. So, let's talk: What is it?

The first thing I want people to realize when they think of the Veil is there's been a change. If I were to just say here, and maybe a few other places, what we're seeing right now is there are two different paths that you can take on your journey, the one you take to get there and the other you take to get there. I think this is the ultimate journey that's taking place.

If God is just on my side--

No, he's got the Spirit, and he has a plan with regard to what's happening in the world. But, so, the basic premise that I'd try to make is that there are some big challenges that the future holds. Those are challenges I'd like humanity to face--

What do you mean?

What are those challenges?

There are going to be some pretty big changes in the way we work and live in the next few thousand years or over a billion years. It
